Joe
===

Joe is a 22-year-old journalist who just got his first job in the
mailroom of a major newspaper. In his spare time, he is an avid
birdwatcher, and has some concerns about new development projects that
are encroaching upon the nesting grounds of the native songbirds of
his area. He would like to get some wildlife protection laws passed,
but does not know very much about the existing laws in this space, and
does not have the time to become an expert in them.

Sally
=====

Sally is a lawyer who works at a Washington, DC think tank who grew up
in Northern California and thus has a... healthy... respect for the
environment. The EPA has just proposed a new set of regulations that
she feels weakens the protection provided to native species, but also
sees that the current law is stifling development. However, she
doesn't know very much about what kinds protection are actually
needed, and would like to get input from somebody who knows the lay of
the land, as it were, a little bit better.

Bob
===

Bob was, until a few weeks ago, a lobbyist for British Petroleum, but
had a change of heart when the blackened salmon at his favorite Cajun
restaurant started being prepared from a different recipe that could
only be described as "crude and oily". He would like to repair some of
the damage that he has done, but has no idea where to start. If only
he had draft legislation that he could start pitching...

Alice, Esteban and Pete
=======================

Alice is a sophomore biology student at UCSC who uses medical
marijuana to alleviate the symptoms of a degenerative skeletal
condition. She is worried about being able to continue to receive
treatment if she has to move out of state when she graduates in two
years, and wants to act now to reform Federal drug laws. She recently
met Esteban and Pete, who live in other states, at a NORML conference
and they had some great conversations about ways to reform the
law. They want to turn those ideas into a bill that they can approach
their legislators about and drum up local support around.